[Program with Spanish subtitles]
【Farm Romance】
[Episode 18]
Did Black Tiger Village give you wine?
If you have no money,
How do you recycle the wine?
This is a secret.
Well, I don't want to know either.
Incidentally,
Have you thought about the name of the dish?
Soon you will be able to purchase a store.
If you want to run a good restaurant,
There must be some star dishes.
I remember when I was wearing a hat...
I remember all the goodies
Something to eat when I went there.
I already have this thing.
That?
This is a secret.
Now everything is ready,
We just need stores.
do you think this
pink
Is this color good-looking or this color good-looking?
I think
As long as you draw it
This is great.
Any color you paint will look beautiful.
I employ several employees.
I already had an idea for an accounting firm.
That's good!
Tomorrow morning we go to the city
Buy stores and open restaurants.
[On sale]
As?
Are they booked?
we woke up
3 days is the deadline.
Three days haven't come yet,
Why let others book it?
Are you two traders too?
Asaphen
First comer rule.
Moreover, between us,
no deposit
We don't have a contract either.
This three-day period
This is a verbal agreement.
So why can't we change?
You didn't keep your promise, did you?
- Why don't I obey...?
-Mana.
boss,
Can we talk somewhere else?
OK
boss,
I tell you the truth.
My cousin and I have been devoted to each other since childhood.
We have been planning to get married for a long time.
But recently,
The doctor said...
It's hard to explain.
It seems this is not easy for you.
But what does it matter
Buying a store?
He doesn't know about my cousin's family
He has only given birth to one child in 4 generations.
But at this point,
It's just a girl.
your greatest wish
Just open a tavern like this.
So you can spread the word about your family wine
all over the world.
But now he can't buy the store.
So what should you do?
Mr. Señorito,
I understand your difficulty.
But I accepted someone else’s deposit.
If I regret it now
I will offend him
The compensation deposit will be tripled.
Sir, this...
You'd better think differently.
sorry.
Prima.
I'm just a useless person
I can't help you achieve it
You want to open a tavern.
Primo,
this is not your fault.
You have done everything possible.
But now we can't buy the store
And there is a lot of wine at home.
So what should we do?
it's my Life.
cannot
Develop and make wine famous
my ancestors.
cousin, future
let us live again
our own lives.
unnecessary
Let's mention these things.
But I feel bad.
I feel really bad.
Your dad?
Yes.
This fact
How do I explain this to my dad?
If my dad knew
It definitely drives us apart.
Prima,
Maybe today, after leaving here
it's time
Our farewell.
I'm thinking
when the tavern opens
let's make money,
we can go find
Where there is a lake.
Where there are mountains
and fish in the lake.
Let's cut rice together
Let's roast taro together.
We do housework together.
we argue about money
Until our faces were red.
♫The wind blows through the rice fields♫
♫Take the cigarette with you♫
♫The birds stay next to the branches♫
♫Looking from a distance♫
♫Ir a contracorriente♫
♫My origin♫
Why do you eat so much?
♫Rotating Pen♫
And you do nothing.
What happens if you take more?
♫See you in the cloud♫
There is a fish.
Pez.
♫I light incense to fulfill my wish♫
liar.
♫A puff of smoke♫
It's very hot. What are you doing?
♫Residual memory♫
♫Keep it in your heart♫
Mannar.
Life is short.
If the last day has been decided
Much better than before coming here
We don't talk about life and death
We don't talk about the future
Let us live in harmony.
Although
Let's just stay for one day.
Even if it's only a few hours,
we must be together
Carefree.
OK?
I still want
local identity.
under certain circumstances
Without alerting the enemy,
I am waiting for the opportunity to approach Jinyang Bank.
mannar,
I really need your help.
I promise you.
All right?
What a beautiful couple!
so me too
I should call you cousin, shouldn't I?
Shen Dong,
since when
Are you and Marner committed?
this...
what are they doing?
this performance
It's all about buying a store for a man in love.
I'm afraid Man'er even believed it herself.
I just came to shop with my cousin.
I saw the boss was in trouble
so i'm excited
I spoke my mind.
Right, cousin?
I go first.
OK
They let me
A play?
I am even touched by your love.
It doesn't matter what you say or how many words you say
this store
I won't sell it to you.
Mr. Song,
please come in.
Let's go to negotiate today
Property Contract.
Did you two buy this store?
Yes.
Primo.
Thanks.
please.
Miss Marner.
Why did you come back alone?
How was the purchase from that store?
We didn't get it, it was taken away by others.
then we can
Check out other stores?
have no idea.
No.
This matter is very important
For Mr.
How did you...?
Why can't I do it?
Now that your Lord has come
al Pueblo Yingzi
I've helped him a lot.
Now you can’t buy it in the store
Do you blame me?
Yo...
in your heart,
in the heart of your Lord,
the most important
They are your stuff.
In the meantime, you can use
and deceive others.
It doesn't matter
What do others think?
Miss Manner,
what is more important
For Mr.
Don’t you know yet?
Before returning from Black Tiger Village,
This person has a chance
Restore the ledger.
but when he found out
That wine is yours,
he asked him
Yu Xiangjin returned it.
Yu Xiangjin made things difficult for him
and let him make a choice
Ledgers and wine.
He chose wine without hesitation.
He gave up the test
He achieved this through his own hard work.
is now
We'll get the ledgers,
We had long since returned to the capital to report this fact.
we will not
I had to go around a lot.
He never told me any of this.
it has many things
Who can't be honest with you.
I know it's because you care
That's why you're so angry right now.
real?
Don’t you know anything yet?
Does the host feel it?
Lian Man'er,
Has anything happened to you before?
I'm about to convince
To that boss.
Why did you leave like this?
Now we can't buy the store,
I missed
Have the opportunity to contact Jinyang Bank.
Looking at the eastern market,
Currently only available in this store.
a while...
♫Perseguimos♫
♫I have no choice♫
♫Leaves a lot of expectations♫
♫Ya looks pale♫
♫Vamos♫
♫It’s hard to wait♫
♫I walked through the crowd♫
♫Ya no estamos♫
What are you doing?
♫You yo♫
♫It’s hard for us to separate♫
The matter of you and Yu Xiangjin exchanging wine for account books?
♫Destiny♫
Why didn't you tell me?
♫Don’t let your dreams wake you up♫
as you said,
♫Se detiene♫
♫No space and time♫
If the past days are gone
much better than before
Let's get better together.
♫Bunjia♫
♫Perseguimos♫
♫Vamos♫
♫Vasilando♫
♫You yo♫
♫Picture♫
♫Destiny♫
Very slippery.
Text, yeah.
eat more.
Mannar.
Try this.
Thoma.
eat more.
The chicken smells amazing.
Come on, be careful, be careful.
Also try this.
This eggplant is your favorite.
eat vegetable.
Are you OK
What if we eat them separately?
I heard your mother say
Which store do they want to buy from
Was it bought by Hua'er?
so,
What will they do once the restaurant opens?
the entire eastern market
Available in only one store.
I think in a very short time,
It's hard to find another one.
Why didn't they tell me before?
I remember Chun Zhu’s family,
They have an empty store in Eastern Market.
It shouldn't be far.
How big is that store?
Are there tables and chairs?
I only know
They have an empty store.
I have no idea
About the details.
Pero Huaer
It seems he is going to open a restaurant too.
I'm afraid it wouldn't be good for them to drive next to each other.
There used to be two famous restaurants.
One of them is called Yuqingtang.
The other room is called Qingyu Palace.
The two locations are very close to each other.
For 100 years,
Both restaurants are doing very well.
I think in business
One person cannot become a monopoly.
It also depends on comparison
competing with,
compete with each other
It makes business better.
I agree.
Even if you want to open a restaurant,
Sure
I will do better than her.
No matter which store it is,
I can make that place the best and the biggest.
dad,
Where is this store?
【Changle Tavern】
[House for sale]
You'd better delete
What I said before.
I take it back too.
no problem.
now we have
It’s already the venue.
We just lack staff.
They are here and they are who they are.
where are you going?
The last one opened a store here,
Destroyed in two months
And they didn't even pay wages.
They'd better find someone else.
what are we going to do?
no problem.
Finding good workers is easy.
But it's hard to find someone
Do the math.
Mira,
Our good accountant
Preparations have begun.
OK
very good.
This is...?
Did he make an effort to escape?
Since we have this store,
most urgent
It brings everyone together.
Contador?
I've heard about uncle
He is very good at calculating accounts and abacus.
no one can compare
Miles away from you.
Although I saw it in our family
They were separated.
But my dad said this
you
That's exactly it
Of course it is this one.
As for the use of abacus,
If your uncle dares to say that he is second
No one dares to say that he is number one.
uncle,
I'll tell you directly.
If you become my accountant.
In the first three months,
I will give you one tael of silver every month.
When business gets better,
I'll raise another 10 copper coins.
If that's not enough for you,
you can use your free time
and bring in more customers.
that moment,
I will give you money
Depends on the patrons entering the premises.
Anyway,
The better the business,
The more money you make.
Don't worry.
In town, your uncle
He has many friends.
When that moment comes,
Let them eat in our store.
OK
Right, Shouyi?
Yeah.
Ignore him.
Get some pipes.
uncle,
We won't talk about other things.
I also did my part to help you.
To get you out of jail.
This debt...
mannar,
Since my uncle doesn't want to,
Let’s go back first.
I still have many friends
Who wants to work with us.
let's go.
brother.
I'm leaving, Aunt He.
We went back first.
this...
He didn't say he didn't want to either.
Keep righteousness.
say something.
look look look.
arts.
It’s not that I don’t do it,
If I don’t do it if I have money, wouldn’t I be stupid?
do not you know
How is our family doing?
You are separated from your family.
Uncle Lao and Aunt Gu are not here.
With your grandma’s temperament,
Can you allow us not to work from home?
And work in the city?
This is mostly because of your grandmother.
Don't worry.
If it's grandma's problem
I have a solution.
The premise is
you two
You must cooperate with me and take action.
Behavior?
Xiuer,
Your brother said that
when you take office
He will find you a good husband.
former teacher
He said it would be soon.
When I went to the city to be a rich wife,
i will take you there
For your enjoyment, what do you think?
I know you are very filial.
Mother!
help me!
Are they too crazy?
help me! help me! Mother!
¡ correct!
Even if you run there
El Rey celestial body,
The money you owe me, you must pay me back.
who are they? Who are you?
who I am?
Ask your son.
Keep righteousness.
Don't you dare to say it?
Well, let me tell you.
Tu hijo, Lian Shouyi.
I lent him a hundred taels of silver as a bet
and lost everything.
What kind of evil are you?
Why are you gambling again?
Mother,
Now is not the time to talk about this.
help me.
Miss.
Paying back debt is a matter of course.
give us the money back
Everything will be resolved.
Go ahead and dream.
Even if you eat us and kill us, we still have no money.
Don't they have money?
I have no money.
Then we kill them.
This girl is very beautiful,
Let her come back to me and be my wife.
This has nothing to do with me.
brother,
Didn't you say that?
The house is yours.
That girl was there for me.
Mother.
This girl must be my wife.
I will treat you well.
No.
don't touch my daughter
Then give the money back.
I have no money.
Mom, give him money.
so,
I have a restaurant in town.
let your son
Work at the restaurant and give me the money back...
- Shouyi.
- O deja
Let your daughter be my wife
My brother's.
No no no.
Miss.
Choose between your son and daughter.
Mother.
Let her be his wife.
Make her his wife.
Yes, his wife.
Mother.
His wife. Mother.
Mom, how could you do this?
- Treat me like this.
- Mother.
Help me, mom!
How could you treat us like this?
Mother.
Mom, I will die.
I don't want to go to a restaurant.
let's go.
Mother.
quickly!
Save us, Mom.
Mother!
Mother.
What are we doing now?
【Talent Recruitment Office】
Chen Acai.
where are you from? What kind of work have you done?
I am from Qingliu City.
I work as a chef at PiongXian House
Feeding horses at Wanlong Inn
And worked as a waiter at Tong Chun Restaurant.
I know this job well
About tea, pubs and inns.
So you do a lot.
Go to the kitchen and cook.
OK
this is mine.
Me llamo Zhang Xiaoer.
I am strong and I work hard.
I can move my legs easily and I don't appear lazy.
Then become a waiter.
All right.
Come.
now you.
Mr. Fu.
Yes Yes.
Have you ever been a butcher before?
Go chop some vegetables, what do you think?
no problem.
I did this when I was young.
fine thanks.
Mannar.
Uncles and aunts.
Is everything okay?
Nothing more needs to be said.
After those...
They will draw their swords.
Your grandma was scared on the spot.
this is the first time
I see grandma is so scared.
uncle,
I leave it to you.
Keep righteousness.
Take the abacus for example.
Come.
Well, I'll leave it to you,
uncle.
Don't worry, don't worry.
Your uncle is very kind.
It seems that Yu Xiangjin and others
They did a great job.
certainly.
Didn't you see what type it was?
From before?
Come on, next one.
Get in line! Get in line!
Come on, Mrs. Zhang.
yes,
I see the light in your room is still on.
It's so late, why don't you rest?
Shisan.
How's the hiring going?
very good.
All workers have been recruited.
your parents let
miss manner
Will work in restaurant.
yes,
I saw you blushing
Getting better and better.
It is becoming more and more refined.
it's all done
Combine with lip balm color.
I think if there is a chance
I can sell them in sets.
OK
return
I prepared this type
colorful cloth bags.
We can put them together, do you think that's okay?
All right.
I'll do it with you.
Isn't this your wallet?
Why are you here?
this...
It's not my wallet, it's...
The sound of water is loud and the sound of strings is weak.
what is love? Xun Fengqian.
what is love?
yes,
maybe the last time
Isn't it to lend you money?
The poems here
I embroidered according to the instructions in the book.
I don't know if they are suitable.
Is it for me?
Is it really for me?
Shisan.
Do you understand my heart?
If I...
Of course I understand.
yes,
You are very good
[Chun Huaixuan]
Cheers, Song.
Happy opening!
May they make a lot of money.
Thank you both.
They're in, they're in.
They are so polite.
Have a nice meal.
Hey,
Ask a lot and eat a lot.
There is such a son-in-law
outstanding,
This is the envy of others.
No no no.
Thank you, Boss Sun.
This is small business
My daughter and my son-in-law.
Young master.
Mira,
So many people come here.
Let’s take a look at Lian Maner’s restaurant,
It opens in a corner.
It would be weird if anyone went there.
Qiaoer,
Don't be too conceited.
Zhao, Yang.
forward.
cheers.
Congratulations to Mr. Song.
[Yizhaoxian]
gentlemen,
If you want something to eat, come to Yizhaoxian.
Those who want to buy alcohol please come here.
Everyone who comes here comes and takes a look.
Keep righteousness.
what are you doing here?
no one.
Is there any income?
Gentlemen, come in.
This store has just opened and there are discounts.
Yes.
I can give you 50% discount.
Any discount.
Everything is there.
70% off.
no problem.
90% off is not bad either.
Why run when there is a discount?
It has been more than half a day since the opening.
I have never served
Not a cup of tea.
It's all in my belly
I've eaten everything.
this table
I've cleaned it 30 times.
The truth is I don't have any more work.
talk less.
mannar,
you have promised me
No matter what business you do,
One tael of silver per month
You can't miss it.
If I had known earlier,
I would have gone to the flowers.
one way or another,
At least I can eat good food.
this...
You only tell the truth.
Why am I so unlucky?
I open a restaurant at the same time
que Huaer.
and its location
and the scenes he created,
How can I compete with her?
It's time to come up with a solution.
[song]
The sheep belly is big,
19 cents.
Sugar cane, 14 cents.
Chenzhou fruits cost 15 cents.
Business has been very good recently.
You have great taste.
my mom and my brother
Look how good our business is
They complimented me on my success.
tomorrow,
I will invite people from the guild to come.
Yes.
Mr. Wu,
Boss Wu will also come.
Oh, really?
When did I lie to you?
Although the Song family runs a family business,
But so is my brother
It depends on Director Wu
for your business
getting bigger and bigger.
Honey,
I have a word
I don't know if I should say it.
I was just thinking
If Boss Wu comes tomorrow
We must treat it well.
and then,
see an opportunity
Meet Director Wu and get closer.
That's not good, don't you think?
never.
if you could get closer
Director Wu,
heads of guilds
I believe they will give you face.
At that time, not only
They come to our restaurant often.
maybe in the future
we can work together
Do other things.
As long as you have real ability,
You will be able to establish your position in the family and house.
everyone in the family,
He will be able to respect you and treat you well.
you're right.
So many days have passed.
name changed
Board twice.
Why isn't business improving?
Not in a hurry.
what happened?
it's out of the question
Everything is fine if you hurry up.
If there is blame,
You should blame your dad and me.
we are farmers
and within a short period of time,
we cannot propose
a good idea.
Mom, that's not what I meant.
I just want to say
Our store location
It's just too far away.
Business may not pick up.
I do not think so.
Know?
When you were a child,
Your father and I went to the city once.
I saw a place called
Mrs. Wang's shop sells pickles.
the location of that store
It's also very remote.
I was in an alley
and those who buy their vegetables in salt water
They lined up on the street outside.
indeed
If the wine is good, you will not be afraid of deep alleys.
As long as the food is delicious,
No matter how far the place is,
Customers will come because of its popularity.
If the wine is good, you will not be afraid of deep alleys.
First there has to be wine.
Mother,
if your daughter
Lose all your money?
So what should you do?
Dad and I will take care of you.
Would I let my daughter skip meals?
some days ago,
your grandmother and your grandfather
They asked people to write to me.
They said they missed me.
so i want
this time,
I shouldn't have let them come.
i should come back
Go and see them.
that's why,
before i leave,
I have to extract all
These radishes.
Place them in salt water as soon as possible.
in winter,
No fresh vegetables either.
your dad
Waiting for my pickles
Eat with rice.
Mother,
What did I just say?
I said your dad,
Still waiting for my pickled radish
Eat with rice.
previous sentence.
in winter,
No fresh vegetables either.
Excellent!
I already know what wine is.
I already know.
you you……
What did I say?
No business, no business.
Why is there no business?
Shisan.
tomorrow morning,
Taking some villagers up the mountain with me.
yes,
Needed tomorrow
your blush and lip balm
Come with me to the restaurant.
it's time
Use my last tactic.
Finally someone went crazy.
Are you already here?
arts.
thanks for your help.
When everything is done,
I will invite you to the restaurant for dinner.
OK, OK, OK.
Where do these fresh vegetables come from?
allow.
There are fresh vegetables here.
come and see.
Permission, permission.
This fresh cucumber.
Excellent!
We could use something fresh.
come and see.
The freshest vegetables.
I've never heard of it.
Where do so many come from?
Are there any fresh vegetables in winter?
Come on, let's go and see.
Since the beginning of winter,
We haven’t had fresh vegetables in our house yet.
We'll see.
I am coming.
fresh vegetables.
allow.
This is the place.
Welcome to Yizhaoxian.
Please come in.
let's go.
well.
Zhao, come on, come on.
Come in, sir.
Come and get your number.
If someone misses his turn,
Then you have to wait for 3 tables.
all,
listen to me.
All the people who come to the restaurant to eat are girls.
They have free makeup and manicure.
Colorful
And today's most popular makeup.
let me see.
What is manicure?
I am coming.
Spicy soup!
Have a bowl of spicy soup in winter
Warm your stomach and your body will feel better.
What is spicy soup?
friend,
This is a special dish
from our store.
Hot vegetables in spicy soup.
We chose fresh vegetables
Not in winter.
It is made from fire.
Spicy and hot.
all,
yes winter
they eat one
Hot and spicy soup,
Not only do they fill your stomach, they also warm your stomach.
This is the best thing to do to warm your body this season.
not only,
yes everyone loves it
Hot vegetables from here,
You can book now.
Main store
He will deliver them to your home for free.
well.
Thanks.
Apoenos, Apoenos.
Let them take advantage.
eat more.
They opened a new store in the front.
They said it wasn't bad.
let's go.
Where is Yi Zhaoxian?
Mr. Wu,
In front is Chunhuaixuan.
We'll arrive soon.
come on.
Their dishes are weird.
Yes, there was a long queue at the door.
what happened?
We have to eat a lot in a while.
come on.
It's coming, it's coming.
How lively!
A lot of people.
Hurry up.
just in front.
quickly.
There are so many people.
How long do we have to wait?
Honey.
Didn’t Mr. Wu say that?
Who will come to our restaurant?
Why did he leave?
Ten geese.
Gentlemen.
350 cents.
Six hares.
980 cents.
Come on, I'm sorry.
Ten chickens.
allow.
There is no problem with my account.
Thanks, man.
You're welcome.
no problem.
Mr. Wu,
This place is too noisy.
Let's go to Song's Restaurant.
Not in a hurry.
Waiter, private room.
waiter.
gentlemen,
terribly sorry.
here
We didn't have a private room, just this big room.
Although a bit simple,
But we have exotic dishes
and vegetables not in season.
Do you want to try it first?
Mr. Wu, why don't you...?
Neither of you look like normal people.
Must be used to it
Seafood and very delicious stuff.
Hey,
why not
Try something new in our store?
OK
Then I'll give it a try.
forward.
Gentlemen, here it is.
Mr. Wu?
Is it that one?
Wu Zhonglian, president of banco de Jinyang?
this is possible.
Then let's take action based on the situation.
Go ahead and give it a try.
Here, sir.
I've only heard of it
This kind of delicacy exists in Sichuan.
People who know this food
Must be a very wise man
who reads a lot
And comes from a wealthy family.
I have no idea
What's this person's name?
Mr. Wu, Wu Zhonglian, is the richest man in Jinyang County.
It turns out to be Boss Wu.
Nice to meet you.
I was lucky enough to meet him today,
It’s an honor for my little place.
Very good boy.
Do you know Mr. Wu?
Mr. Wu is
There is a very famous person here.
everybody knows.
Although the family is wealthy
they store for winter
In the vegetable cellar.
But in this season,
make people normal
I can eat fresh vegetables.
Chico,
You are very capable.
Thank you Mr. Wu.
You walk around,
I'm sure you've seen it all.
Our tips
in front of you,
They are just childish coincidences.
Doing business is not easy
In this remote alley.
do business
How can it be so good?
That's even harder.
Attract customers with fresh vegetables
And retain customers through makeup and manicure.
Hey,
I was impressed by them.
Don't worry.
I will come often in the future.
Thank you Mr. Wu.
Yo,
I want to ask you a favor.
Tell me nothing happened.
I have heard
Boss Wu takes control
The only guild in Jinyang County.
Jinyang Bank.
it's an honor for me
I was able to see him today.
But as we say goodbye today
Mr. Wu will be very busy,
It is estimated that it will be difficult to meet again in the future.
but if we have a chance
Join a guild,
we will have many opportunities
Go see Mr. Wu.
I was just thinking
Learn more from you.
Chico,
You are very ambitious.
so suddenly
And you ask for this in return.
Sir, you have misunderstood me.
yes
Just small villagers.
it's not easy
Open this restaurant.
Since we opened this location,
We haven't done business yet.
This is because we have no other choice.
We've thought of this solution.
But these news
I can't think of them
all the time.
If no one supports me in the future
Business will not be easy.
But today I met Mr. Wu.
Anyone who is so lucky,
You won't let him go, right?
Chico,
May I have your name?
I'm from Yingzi Town,
Shen Nuo.
¿ Shen Nuo?
I wonder if I can give you an address.
I will choose some high-quality vegetables
I will take them to his mansion.
what do you think?
I will cook more fresh dishes
I'll bring it to you together.
Thank you Mr. Wu.
Please support me in the future.
goodbye.
[Task: 1,000 taels of gold]
[Income, restaurant income 102 taels]
[Expenses, shop and restaurant operating expenses 1,330 taels]